0.90 Public Release - 06/25/01

INTRODUCTION --

  TiK is a pure Tcl/Tk 8.1 version of AOL Instant Messenger (AIM).  The 
  TiK client began its life as a scaled down version of the native Windows 
  and Macintosh clients.  However, TiK now has most of the features the 
  native clients have, plus some extras.  TiK includes a graphical buddy 
  list display plus packages for away messages, buddy pounce, buddy 
  ticker, quick chat, and im capturing.  It is very easy for end users 
  to add new features to TiK, using Tcl/Tk.  TiK is meant to give UNIX 
  users an alternative to the Java client.

  While TiK does work on Windows and Macintosh platforms, we do not
  test on these platforms, and provide no active support.  Most 
  Windows and Macintosh users should use the native clients, available from
  http://www.aol.com/aim/  However experienced Windows and Macintosh users 
  are welcome to try out TiK.

  TiK currently requires Tcl/Tk 8.1 or greater, as 8.1 has better regexp 
  features among many other things. The latest release of Tcl/Tk is 
  available from Scriptics at http://www.scriptics.com.

HOMEPAGE --

  Please check for new versions at http://tik.sourceforge.net,
  before reporting bugs or feature requests.  Things are
  changing rapidly right now.


QUESTIONS --

  Please post any question or suggestions you may have in one of the
  forums at http://tik.sourceforge.net.


PACKAGES --
  tarting with TiK 0.83 there are two types of packages, global and
  per-user. Per-user packages are located in ~/.tik/packages, while
  global ones are located in tik/packages.


PROTOCOL --

  TiK uses the TOC application protocol which is documented in the PROTOCOL 
  file.  We have provided a tcl implementation of TOC inside of toc.tcl.  The
  TOC application protocol runs on top of SFLAP, which is a framing
  transport protocol.  The TOC protocol is not the same as the full
  protocol used by the native AOL Instant Messenger clients.


IMPORTING/EXPORTING CONFIG -- 

  TiK stores the buddy list on the server.  It is possible to import
  and export the buddy list from the server using the configTool.tcl
  program, or from the File menu in TiK.  The format of the saved config 
  file is very simple, however it is NOT the same as that used by that 
  Java client or native clients.

  TiK can import the buddy list from the Java Client AIM.cfg file or from 
  the config file for native windows and mac clients.  It doesn't import 
  the permit/deny settings however.

